This is not a giving up of our of ...he's made
it very clear that it's forty five billion pounds over his lifetime and there's plenty of years
left in that he's made it very clear that he's going to remain as chairman and chief
executive of facebook for many years to come he will only
...only pledged in the first three years to donate
warm billion dollars worth of stock each year so
it's not as if he's giving up ninety nine percent of
...options now he has also made it clear vat he model so
bug will still be the majority shareholder in facebook at the moment here
and fifty three percent of the business that will remain...the case
and the charitable foundation that he's starting to run
this projects this global project on the supporting ansi poverty
moves that is run by him and his wife priscilla cham
...wholly owned by them and that will deal with the stock options.